# Supplementary Materials to *National Endeavor vs. Global Engagement: Diverging Contributions to Solar and Wind Cost Reductions*
Yusheng Guan, Kangxin An, Xinzhu Zheng, Shihui Zhang, Can Wang  
Contact: xinzhuzheng@cup.edu.cn; canwang@tsinghua.edu.cn

## 1. Content of all files
- *Data_raw.xlsx* contains all raw data collected from IRENA after our pre-processing. 
The data could be used directly by the executive files.
Do not change the file directly if you want to run the executive files.  
- *Reg.py* is the executive python file to regress the learning curve models in our study.
- *Fig1&S1.py* is the executive python file to generate Fig. 1 and Fig. S1 in our study.
- *Fig2.py* is the executive python file to generate Fig. 2 in our study.
- *Fig3.py* is the executive python file to generate Fig. 3 in our study.
- *FigS2.py* is the executive python file to generate Fig. S2 in our study.
- *results* is a folder including the data after generation to be analyzed.
  - *2030target.xlsx* is the calculation of reduction of investment gaps for the 2030 Tripling Target.
    It is used by *Fig3.py*.
  - *CostSavings.xlsx* is the calculation of the investment expenses that NE/GE have saved for developing countries
    and developed countries. It is also used by *Fig3.py*.
  - *Reg_result_solar.xlsx* is the regression result of learning curve models for solar PV, generated by *Reg.py*.
    It is almost used in all other executive files.
  - *Reg_result_wind.xlsx* is the regression result of learning curve models for wind power, similar to the above one.
- *figs* is a folder including all figures that the executive files generate.

## 2. Programing environment
- python 3.11
  - pandas 2.0.3
  - numpy 1.25.2
  - statsmodels 0.14.2
  - matplotlib 3.7.2
  - seaborn 0.12.2

## 3. Brief introduction 
Please kindly run these files in the following order:
Reg.py, Fig1&S1.py, Fig2.py, Fig3.py and FigS2.py.  
Reminder: Do not change the files directly if you want to run the executive files.  
If you have any questions, please contact us by email.
